chore: version to 0.51.0 (#4314)
prefix-dev/pixi: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### [0.51.0] - 2025-08-12
#### ✨ Highlights

Pixi now supports `--skip` on install which means you can skip the installation of a package. 

> Which is useful for layering Docker images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which can be useful for things like layering Docker images.
```

Pixi build got a lot of improvements, including the ability to use build backends from source.

> This release will kick of the use of pixi build only through conda-forge, we'll be changing the `pixi-build-backends` channel to a prototype only channel.
> And conda-forge will be the main channel for stable pixi build backends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with this release you can get build backends from conda-forge. 
We will release stable versions of the build backends on conda-forge, and we maintain a rolling distribution on the `pixi-build-backends` channel. 
The documentation has been updated to reflect this change.
```
